Announce divestment
What divestment?
The divestment contract is here
Clear black and white
Is there a prize?
What happened to Yaoyao?
Haven't Lu Enterprises and Tang Enterprises always been good friends?
If this is a divestment, Tang's Yingye will lose everything
Miss Tang, give us an explanation
Give us an account give us an account
I don't believe that Lu Enterprises will not treat Tang Enterprises like this
Contract me sorry
Someone to help Tang pay off
I see who dares
Slowly scared belly with Miss Tang Song Yuchuan
You are going too far.
Yaoyao, I'm helping you.
Hurry up and help pack up.
Can't take care of him
All waste
Who dares to impersonate my dew?
Counterfeit Mr. Lu
Come
Take this fake Lu's outdated actor
Get it for me
Mr. Lu, you signed the contract yourself
Yes, I am certified.
Then why is there no Lu seal on this contract?
No seal.
That's pitiful.
naive